in India a spiced roast leg of lamb is
called Iran this is a North Indian
recipe and I've taken inspiration from
the Kashmiri hsihu use a lot of nuts and
raisins in their cooking
[Music]
for me the marinade is the most
important part of this recipe though can
I make my lamb all good marinade should
have a bit of oil to keep the meat moist
some lemon juice
a dash of acidity without pips the acid
in the lemon will tenderize the meat and
then you have the spices to add more
flavor para masala lips till the chili
powder
not much lots of coriander salt ginger
six cloves of garlic lamb is a naturally
strong tasting meat and is complemented
by the heavy hearty flavors of ginger
and garlic for sir it'll really give the
marinade some oomph in a curry the
flavors are in the gravy but in a roast
joint they're all in the meat so I want
to give it time to absorb all these
wonderful flavors deep incisions help
the marinade work its way into the meat
leaving some of the fat on the joint
will keep the meat tender and stop it
from burning in the oven just try and
get them really in there I find that a
plastic food bag is the cleanest and
easiest way of refrigerating the joint
acids in the marinade can react against
metal or ceramic glazes and alter the
taste of the meat in the fridge to
marinate for at least 24 hours it's just
gonna keep every now and then even on
top of the pasta give it a bit of a rub
in India this lamb would traditionally
be marinated in yogurt and spices for
about 48 hours but because lemon begins
to chemically cook the meat we only need
half that time